Update backing image clean up action according to latest UI change (#913)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.6.3/advanced-resources/backing-image/backing-image.md

#### Clean up backing images in disks
- Longhorn automatically cleans up the unused backing image files in the disks based on [the setting `Backing Image Cleanup Wait Interval`](../../../references/settings#backing-image-cleanup-wait-interval). But Longhorn will retain at least one file in a disk for each backing image anyway.

> - The unused backing images can be also cleaned up manually via the Longhorn UI: Click **Setting > Backing Image > one backing image name**. Then choose disks to clean up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can manually remove backing images from disks using the Longhorn UI. Go to **Setting** > **Backing Image**, and then click the name of a specific backing image. In the window that opens, select one or more disks and then click **Clean Up**.
```
